how this definite Luther Nissan Kia
nimber Grove Heights want to thank you
for inquiring on the Kia Forte this is
the 2012 e.x model very well equipped
you can see that really nice fog lights
the European style kind of trapezoidal
fog lights got the nice 16 inch alloy
wheels on here you also have nice 280
features they're all standard on this
but you have the side turn and LEDs on
the side so people be able to see in
your blind spots one real nice thing too
you have the intelligent key so all you
need to do is just push the button on
the door right here to lock it or to get
into the vehicle so you don't have to
actually take the key out of your pocket
makes it real easy to get to you got all
your power features side door mirrors
the seats and it's a really really comfy
a real good side bolstering good support
everywhere and then one thing everybody
loves on the key is you've got all your
cruise you got your radio controls
everything's right on the steering wheel
including your Bluetooth right here so
if you get a phone call you just hit
ignore hit answer real easy and one cool
thing you got the push start so just put
on the brake let's touch that we're good
to go you can see the nice easy to read
instrument cluster inside I've got your
whole trip data computer right in here
in mileage time left empty you've got
the really huge touchscreen navigation
system in here everything's really easy
to use it's all powered by garment so
really nice system there maps and then
we can change the 3d as you can see
below here - real easy one switch for
your temperature you can just change
that right in the middle and that's
about all you have to worry about you
get your defrost on there super easy
armrest in the center here you've got
pen holder your Notes Senate organizer
get your cup holders you also have
cupholders and every door on these as
well you can see you've got your auto
damn mirror tech compass home link for
garage door openers that huge sunglass
holder up top to your vanity mirrors
spots for your parking passes this car
has tons of details and then huge
moonroof but you could see tons of room
in the back I'll show you here
you come to the back of the vehicle here
great leg room in the back best thing
here too is you can fit it all it's in
the back here you've got nice creature
comforts like your armrest cupholders in
there
and then one nice thing is even with all
that space on here
you got great performance and actually
up to 43 miles to the gallon huge on
this should be averaging close to 30 or
more really nice vehicle great look from
the back here the European trapezoidal
lights on the back really good lines
real 3-dimensional you can see the
backup camera is right there really
handy let's go lift up you got the fully
private cargo area in the back here
comes with that nice trunk mat you can
pop this up underneath you've got really
cool organizer put all your winter stuff
Minnesota that's really important real
nice to have but amazing vehicle is the
new 2012 Kia Forte GX hatchback but love
to have you to check it out my name is
Stephanie reach me any time six five one
four five seven five seven five seven
thank you